If two Trainers' eyes
happen to meet
the rule is
‐ they have a battle.
‐ Yeah, I agree.
I'm Ash.
This is my friend, Pikachu.
[EXCITED]
Uh, is that really a rule?
I'm not so sure
it's a hard and fast rule
but it is pretty
standard stuff.
My name's Penelope.
Sylveon, come on out.
[APPEARING]
I've never seen that Pokémon.
[HAPPY]
♪ I wanna be the very best ♪
♪ Like no one ever was ♪
♪ To catch them
is my real test ♪
♪ To train them is my cause ♪
♪ Pokémon gotta catch them all ♪
♪ It's you and me ♪
♪ Pokémon ♪
♪ I know it's my destiny ♪
♪ Yeah you're my best friend ♪
♪ In a world we must defend ♪
♪ Pokémon ♪
♪ Gotta catch 'em all ♪
♪ Pokémon ♪♪
ASH
"KINDERGARTEN CHAOS!"
NARRATOR
On their way to Cyllage City
and Ash's second Kalos Gym
badge challenge
our heroes have met a Trainer
named Penelope
who has just challenged Ash
to a battle in the forest.
It looks kind of like Espeon.
Sylveon,
the Intertwining Pokémon
and an evolved form of Eevee.
Sylveon affectionately wraps
its ribbon like feelers
'around its Trainer's arm
as they walk together.'
Wow. So it is an evolved form
of Eevee after all.
Hey, Ash, did you know that
Sylveon is a Fairy‐type Pokémon?
No. Fairy type?
Yeah. Dedenne's
a Fairy type too.
That's pretty cool stuff.
A new type. A new Pokémon!
Alright, Froakie,
I choose you!
[APPEARING]
‐ 'Promise me something.'
‐ Huh?
If I happen to beat you
in our battle
you're coming with me, sweetie.
Is she serious?
Her and Ash? No way!
Sure. But there's no way
I'm gonna lose.
Alright, Froakie.
Attack with Bubble.
[BUBBLE MOVE]
Sylveon, use Fairy Wind!
[FAIRY WIND MOVE]
[PAINED]
Ah. Froakie!
CLEMONT 'That Fairy
Wind stopped Bubble.'
Froakie, are you able
to get up?
[STRUGGLING]/[DETERMINED]
Sylveon, Moonblast, let's go!
[SINGING]
[MOONBLAST MOVE]
Froakie, jump!
[DETERMINED]/[EXERTION]
Quick, knock them all down.
[SHOCKED]
‐ Ha! Just a decoy.
‐ Ah!
'Use Water Pulse.'
[WATER PULSE MOVE]
Way to go, Froakie.
PENELOPE
You okay, Sylveon?
Okay, it's time
to wrap this up!
[DETERMINED]
Alright, Sylveon,
use Attract.
[ATTRACT MOVE]
[SHOCKED]
Froakie, no!
[STRUGGLING]
[IN LOVE]
Ah. It looks like
Attract worked.
This is bad.
I've never seen
Froakie acting so weird
like that before.
Froakie, snap out of it.
[PANICKED]
Alright.
Now use Draining Kiss.
[IN LOVE]
[DRAINING KISS MOVE]
[SHOCKED]/[STRUGGLING]
[PAINED]
ASH
'Froakie.'
[SHOCKED]
You okay?
[DAZED]
Obviously, Draining Kiss drained
all of Froakie's energy.
Froakie's unable to battle.
That's it.
Here, take this Oran Berry.
It'll help.
Penelope, thanks a lot.
Here, Froakie. Eat this.
‐ 'Well, I won.'
‐ Huh.
So now you have to keep your
word, sweetie, and come with me.
Huh? She's serious.
You're gonna go with her?
Whee..
[laughing]
I'm back, children.
Hey. It's Miss Penelope.
Look at all the kids.
[AMAZED]
This looks like some sort
of kindergarten class.
‐ Are you a teacher here?
‐ Yes.
Did everybody behave
while I was out?
Yes, ma'am. We've all
been really good.
So what kind of Pokémon did you
bring here for us today?
Wow. Pikachu.
[indistinct chatter]
Look at that. You brought us
a Pikachu to play with today.
‐ Play with today?
‐ So neat.
I've never ever seen a Pikachu
before in person.
Neither have I.
[EMBARRASSED]
Look. There's a Froakie, too.
[PROUD]
Welcome back.
It looks like
you brought Pokémon
with Trainers today.
That's right, I did.
It's something new.
We ran into Ash and his friends
when we were out in the woods.
How nice of you to come.
You see, my Sylveon and I go out
into the fields
and forests every day
and the two of us make friends
with wild Pokémon
and then we bring them
back here with us.
We do this so the children can
meet and learn all about them.
Interesting.
You could've just told us that
right from the start.
Right, buddy?
[HAPPY]
Oh, so that's why Penelope
wanted Ash
to come here with her.
[SURPRISED]
So the Twerps are busy visiting
a kindergarten, eh?
What a Twerpish waste of time.
Wow. That Sylveon's really cute.
My heart's meltin'
like a candle.
Meowth. Don't tell me that
Attract worked on you too.
[APPEARING]
[ANNOYED]
You're right, and I'd better
snap out of it pronto.
But that doesn't mean they don't
have a total cutie pie there!
What a moosh head.
Regardless, today's the day
we grab Pikachu.
And let's grab that Sylveon
while we're at it too.
Right.
It's Operation Doubleheader.
[DETERMINED]
‐ Pikachu is so cute.
‐ Can I pet Pikachu, please?
Yeah, of course.
‐ Wow, it's so soft.
‐ It sure is.
I didn't know Pikachu's tail
was all pointy like that.
Ooh. Pikachu likes it
when you pet its tail.
Really?
[PROUD]/[HAPPY]
Since we're all here,
you're most welcome
to play with my Pokémon as well,
if you'd like.
Really?
Wow, that's a great idea,
Clemont.
I'm sure more Pokémon
will be more fun.
‐ Thanks so much.
‐ 'Come on out, everybody.'
[APPEARING]
[FRIENDLY]
[AMAZED]
Look, it's a Fletchling.
And a Fennekin and a Bunnelby
and even a Chespin.
And here is
my friend, Dedenne.
[PROUD]
Huh?
‐ Hey, who was that?
‐ That's Randall.
I'll go call him.
Randall loves Pokémon
as much as the other children.
He's just a little shy,
that's all.
[TENDER]
‐ Fennekin's fur is so soft.
‐ Thank you.
That's because I brush Fennekin
every single day. Right?
[HAPPY]
I can't believe how big
Bunnelby's ears are.
And Bunnelby's ears
are very strong.
Bunnelby, use Dig.
[FOCUSED]/[DIG MOVE]
Wow!
Might be prickly. Uh.
[JOYFUL]
It feels weird
but it feels kind of nice too.
That's right.
You just have to be gentle.
Chespin really loves
to be petted.
Aww.
[RAVENOUS]
See, isn't Dedenne a cutie?
Here you go, Fletchling.
And, Sylveon, you too.
[HAPPY]/[CARING]
[CURIOUS]/[UNINTERESTED]
Is something wrong
with Froakie?
It's because it lost
the battle to Sylveon.
I think Froakie's a little
embarrassed about the Attract.
Froakie, it's all over
and done with.
[EMBARRASSED]
See? Look at all the Pokémon.
Hm. Uh, yeah.
Your name's Randall, right?
My name's Ash.
Randall, how would you like
to make friends with Froakie?
[SAD]
Huh? Mm..
Froakie is not gonna hurt you.
I‐I'm kinda scared.
Why don't you try
to feed Froakie?
No way! I'm scared.
Oh. It's okay.
Watch what I do, Randall.
[ENCOURAGING]
Those Pokémon don't fool me.
I‐I'm not dumb. You never know
what they'll do.
[giggling]
Huh? It's a Hoppip.
[NERVOUS]
Huh? Huh?
[ANGRY]
[SCARED]
[grunting]
[FRIGHTENED]
Huh? Uh. Uh. Uh.
All I wanted was for Hoppip
and me to be friends.
It was awful.
BONNIE I'm sorry
that happened to you.
CLEMONT Maybe something
happened that caused Hoppip
to become frightened.
Sometimes not knowing
what a Pokémon's gonna do
can be lots of fun.
Try not to let them
scare you so much.
[ENCOURAGING]
But how?
I can't help how I feel.
I can't.
They'll never be my friends.
[all gasp]
Well. Hello there,
all you boys and girls.
We've put together
a super‐duper show
for all of you cutie kiddies.
Get ready for a great time.
Ah..
‐ Let's go, Randall.
‐ Okay.
What is this? Did you ask
those folks to come here?
No. I didn't.
One of our favorite pastimes
is volunteering to travel around
and entertain
all you children.
Alright.
Can I try it too?
[EXCITED]
Of course.
You're all welcome.
The more, the merrier,
I always say.
Wow, that's awesome.
Let's try it, Randall.
I know we'll have
a great time.
But I..
You're all our special guests.
So, people and Pokémon,
right this way to the stage.
JESSIE
Alrighty, then.
Everybody gets
one of these balls.
With these things, even
a beginner can play along.
'That means everyone.'
[all laughing]
[indistinct chatter]
[sighs]
Huh?
JESSIE
'Did everyone get a ball?'
ALL
'Yay.'
Alright, let's go.
On the count of three,
throw your ball up high.
And one, two, three.
Yay!
[SHOCKED]
GROUP
"Who's that Pokémon?"
"It's Sylveon."
What?
[screaming]
[coughing]
[STARTLED]/[STRUGGLING]
Ah. Oh, no. What happened?
Oh. What's going on here?
Oh, I don't see those
entertainers anywhere.
‐ Me neither.
‐ Let's get off the stage.
Everyone, watch your step.
[CONCERNED]
Come on, this way.
‐ Is everybody alright?
‐ It was scary..
Everybody off the stage?
[PANICKED]
[grunting]
Ash! Are you alright?
Who's that?
Where did Sylveon go?
Prepare for trouble,
what's going on is us.
And make it double.
Being us is a plus.
To protect the world
from devastation.
To unite all people
within our nation.
To denounce the evils
of truth and love.
To extend our reach
to the stars above!
‐ Jessie.
‐ And James.
Team Rocket blasts off
at the speed of light.
Surrender now or prepare
for a totally grown‐up fight.
Meowth, that's right!
[PROUD]
‐ Team Rocket?
‐ Ah.
They're bad guys who love
to steal other people's Pokémon.
Give back Pikachu
and Sylveon.
JESSIE Just as soon as
you stop being a Twerp.
JAMES
Which is never.
After all, stealing other
people's Pokémon
is a one‐way street.
In we go.
We have ignition
so watch this rig roll.
Come back!
Pikachu. Sylveon!
Stop, now.
[grunting]
[CONCERNED]
SERENA/BONNIE
Oh, no, Ash.
Randall?
Randall, where are you?
Where is he?
Where's Randall?
Huh?
Such persistence.
Try this on for size.
‐ Fletchling.
‐ It's gonna need a washcloth.
JESSIE Which leaves Pikachu
and Sylveon all for us.
'Buh‐bye.'
[PROUD]
We're moving. Where to?
I‐it's awfully dark in here.
[SCREAMING]
Pikachu. Sylveon.
Ah. Hang in there.
‐ Randall. Where are you?
‐ Randall.
‐ I don't see him anywhere.
‐ Where could he have gone?
Could it be that..
Yeah. Maybe he didn't get off
the stage in time.
So. That would mean Randall's
still in the truck.
I've got to rescue him.
Would you please watch
all of the other children
while I'm gone?
‐ 'Of course.'
‐ I'm coming with you, Penelope.
We want to go with you too.
Right.
[ATTACK]
[ANXIOUS]
[EXHAUSTED]/[CONCERNED]
[CONCERNED]
[WORRIED]
[DETERMINED]/[EXERTION]
[DISAPPOINTED]
[EXHAUSTED]
Huh? Huh?
Huh? Randall, Froakie,
what are you doing here?
It's Ash.
[RELIEVED]
Don't worry.
I'm here.
So everything will be okay.
Pikachu, Sylveon
let's get you
out of there right away.
[STRUGGLING]
[SURPRISED]
Fletchling. Ah.
What happened?
And where is everybody else?
Okay, Froakie,
help me get them outta here.
[DETERMINED]
Ready?
[DETERMINED]/[EXERTION]
Again!
[grunting]
Man, those cases are tough.
[AGREEMENT]
Randall.
Help us out too, okay?
Huh?
'Pikachu and Sylveon
are counting on you.'
[DETERMINED]/[EXERTION]
I'm scared.
I can't help anyone.
‐ I don't know what to do.
‐ Of course, you can help.
If we all work together, I know
we can get them out of there.
Huh?
Poor Sylveon.
[SCARED]
Sylveon's Miss Penelope's
Pokémon.
Her friend,
and it's my friend too.
Yeah, that's right, Randall.
I wanna help. Huh?
That's what I like to hear.
Thanks.
‐ Let's go.
‐ Yeah.
[DETERMINED]
[screaming]
Ah.
[EXERTION]
Just a little more!
[grunting]
[RELIEVED]
ALL
Alright!
Huh?
[chuckling]
[CARING]
Ah. Huh?
[GRATEFUL]
Huh?
Sylveon's saying thank you.
[laughing]
Sylveon, thanks.
[HAPPY]
[AFFECTIONATE]
[SURPRISED]/[SCARED]
[laughing]
[EAGER]
Alright, let's get
Pikachu out too.
Right! Huh!
Ready?
[grunting]
[THRILLED]
Pikachu.
Hey. You alright, buddy?
[RELIEVED]
Wow. That's great, Pikachu.
[HAPPY]
[laughing]
[tires screeching]
Ah. Okay. We're here.
Now, that we've got
Pikachu and Sylveon
what do you say we give the Boss
a ringie‐dingie?
Dig.
Wow, look out,
six‐figure raise.
These are our glory days.
[gasps]
There's a Twerp in our truck.
Ah..
You won't sell.
[PANICKED]
Alright, I'm taking
Pikachu and Sylveon back.
Not on our watch.
Pumpkaboo, I need you!
Okay, Inkay, you too!
[APPEARING]
‐ Shadow Ball, go!
‐ Inkay, Psybeam.
[SHADOW BALL MOVE]
[PSYBEAM MOVE]
[PROTECTIVE]
Froakie.
Water Pulse, let's go.
Pikachu, you use Thunderbolt.
[THUNDERBOLT MOVE]
[PANICKED]
Now, Pikachu, Electro Ball!
[ELECTRO BALL MOVE]
[screaming]
[grunting]
ALL
We're blasting off again!
[FRUSTRATED]
[URGENT]
Fletchling
[all gasp]
Ash. Everybody.
You're all okay.
Yeah!
RANDALL A‐and guess what? I
helped save Pikachu and Sylveon.
You did, Randall?
No kidding?
So cool.
[laughing]
Hey, Ash,
do you think Froakie and I
are gonna be good friends now?
Of course.
Froakie and I are both gonna be
your friends forever.
And you can count on it.
[CHUMMY]
Ah..
[TOUCHED]
Wow, Randall,
you're not afraid.
‐ Yeah, way to go, Randall.
‐ Thanks.
RANDALL When I get bigger, I
wanna be a Pokémon Trainer too.
And then you know what?
I'll go on a journey
with a friend like Froakie.
Awesome.
And the next time I see you
we'll have a battle, okay?
[TOUGH]
Mm‐hmm. It's a deal, Ash.
Great.
Okay, time for us to go.
We owe all of you so very much.
Thanks for everything.
Have a safe journey.
[FRIENDLY]
Thanks.
Take care, everyone.
[FRIENDLY]
Bye. Take care.
Bye‐bye.
[FRIENDLY]
ALL
Bye‐bye.
Bye, everyone.
NARRATOR And so, our heroes
have some new friends.
Penelope, Randall and the
Fairy‐type Pokémon, Sylveon.
Lasting friendships,
life‐changing adventures
and lots of fun,
as the journey continues.
[theme music]